Minor corrections (#406)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/go.mdx

| ----------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------- |
| `Value`                          | `bool` / `string` / `int` / `float64` | The evaluated value of the feature flag or setting. |
| `Data.Key`                       | `string`            | The key of the evaluated feature flag or setting. |

> | `Data.IsDefaultValue`            | `bool`              | True when the default value passed to `getValueDetails()` is returned due to an error. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Data.IsDefaultValue`            | `bool`              | True when the default value passed to `Get[TYPE]ValueDetails()` is returned due to an error. |
```
